GAMETHON
Esport had mixed feelings since they thought they could let members in for free. Esport did not bring anything to the event so that was no good. Esport will come again and did not help clean up
Make a survey about gamethon and email it out
	Too expensive
	Longer?
	Suggestions?
We had to kick out esport since it was 2am 
So maybe 24 hours
We might not need a faculty for the whole event
Talk to terri about needing a faculty member.
Clean up was not that bad
2017 fall ended at on saterday 9am
24 hours is a lot. We need another meal and can raise price and a lot of complaints about 15 dollars
Made 260 dollars and first gamethon to make money but less people
Staying at 15 dollors
10 dollars and more people would come. 15 for 24 hours ideas
Think about it for next semester and base desion on survey 
Game jam extend to 24 to make sure everyone has time
We will host events
Gamejam charging it is bad idea.
Increase how much we donated and email blast about donating and adversting spring gamthon
Donate for spring?
A lot to talk about for spring
A lot of work for 300 bucks
Gamethon is a social event as well
Esports is completely separate
No PC into CH 1200
Start planning spring gamethon after elections
Donate 20 – 25 percent to extra life 55 dollars
To add put the newspaper
In jan we will move our money to us bank and make the donation
Sponsors? We will try but more than one person reaching out
Publishest will make poster of spring gamethon
If we are accompidating esports they need to pitch in as well. 
Talk to esports more about gamethon
Check that the space is reserved for next gamethon
Set up a gamthon planning night 
Better commication with gamethon
Clinton suggested a programming contest
Programming contest woud be good to get rid of snacks 
Contest could be the kickoff event
Talk to dr Hawley about field trip
If not we could look into field trip
Bartik said we could do a tour kimtodd@nwmissouri.edu
	Jack hill said we could tour
Addi will make a poster about the museum.
Hackthon vs programming challenges
hackthon is better way – pick a pet project and do it or a company had a problem  or gamejam style
if professors a couple hours max 
pick a problem
professors names in hat or professors vs students  
or handcap professors
2 tickets and redeem to spin wheel of distracts but there are some for anyone
Have event feb do it during coding challenge time
We have to pick a problem 
Cut throut coding
PUSH ELECTIVE MEETING
Talk to rogers to reach out to ACL about elections
