Events Coming up:
Nov 4 -8th selling gamethon tickets in colden
Nov 6th ACM hosting makerspace
Nov 9th Gamethon
Jan 22nd First exec meeting of the semester
Jan 29th Elections
Mar 19th String gamejam starts
March 28th Gamethon

Next week's Event:
For next week Alex of the makerspace offered to do a makerspace event during ACM meeting time. 
We also talked about Brad doing a talk. We decided to take Alex up on his offer and have a makerspace event.

Gamethon:
Connor has said he will make a new schedule for selling badges in colden since conflicts with the old schedule arose.
For the table in colden we will still hange the giant poster in front of the table and the badges will still cost 15 dollars.
Dr spradling bought a badge and we will be raffling off her badge. Noah will bring the jar and each ticket will be a dollar.
On the ticket we will the person write their name and best way to contact them on the ticket.
We will announce the winner on Thursday that way people still have a chance to buy tickets. 
Esports did not sell stickers as they said they would so we do not need to worry about that. 
At the booth and in the union the same time we will hand out mini posters to promote the event.
We need to print about 20 pages of mini poster for this.
Food for gamethon: Tonight we ordered the pizzas. 
35 large pizzas the first meal will be at 1pm and fewer pizzas and the second meal will be at 7pm and more pizzas.
We ordered 10 chesse 10 pepperoni 10 sausage 5 alfrado pizzas. 
Chase will buy snacks on saterday with the money from venmo and the cash bo and we will also buy pizzas with that money. 
The snacks Chase will be buying is on Trello.
Day of Gamethon: Arrive around 10:45 to help setup and doors lock at 3am so we have to be cleaned up by then.

Elections:
We will push ACM electons in every class we can since we need the members.
Anyone in the school of computer science can run of a position. We need to fix constitution to match this.

Odds and Ends:
We decided to leave ACM meeting time at 5pm on Wensdays.
Addi will make new ACM posters
