Upcoming events
Oct 9th - help session/ general update
Oct 14-18th - selling badges in the union see schedule.
Oct 19th -gamethon
Oct 23 - peer advising
Gameathon info
Esport club is coming and gaming club is coming. We know esports will hold a tournament but we do not know how involed gaming club wants to be. Since esports club will be very inolved we will give them two staff badges on for their president and one for thier vice president.
With sponors no one has gotten back to us. So we will assume that we will have no sponsors for this gameathon. It was brought up the we should try senor burrito to sponsor us along with using facebook to get intouch with gameboard cafe. Anothor sponsor we are tracking down is the school of computing science. Chase Smith and Connor have volunteered to reach out to the school.
Union table needs to take careful notes on how much cash comes in and how many badges we sell this will be helped with keeping a name list and how they paid and vennmo. We will use Noah's vennmo. Once we sell the badge we have to remind the purchaser that the badge is their ticket in to the gamethon. This notice will be on the back of the badge.
The badges since we not have sponsors on the back. WE decided to have a qr code on the back instead. This QR ccode will be linked to extra life donatntion page.
Todo for gamethon: Order badges, Send poster for approval, print posters, Buy suppies, talk to upd about our event. We have not heard back about our reservation of the borard in the union. We need to email them and find out the status of that. At end of gamethon we need to figure out how much to donate to extralife.

Other topics
It was brought up that the seniors wanted honor cords. Since we are not a honor society we believe the school would not allow this. We opted for pin instead.
For other upcoming events. Hour of code was very pouplar with the memebers. We want to do hour of code again. To get this going we need to talk to linville. 
We decided that having a help session once a week was to much so we decided todo it only before midterm and final. Since we are not going to have help session we can move forward with making new ACM posters.
CDC wants to start sending a repersentivate to our meetings.
